Docker file
which language is used for docker file
add and copy in docker file
cmd and entry point in docker file
docker volumes
docker networks
docker basic commands
docker troubleshooting 
it and dit mode in docker command line
port and target port in command
Docker compose and docker swarm

diff between docker swarm and kubernetes

what is docker

what is container why we are using?

docker architecture

container life cycle

docker layers

how to reduce the docker image size
-----------------------------------

kubernetes


what is kubernetes and why its more popular
diff docker swarm kuberetes
kuberntes architecture or tell me about core componantes
how authentication happen kubenetes
pod life cycle
what will be happen once pod created
network configuration 
etcdb and api server  corrctepted
hpa
pod desctruption budget
name space
what is deployment and statefullset and deamon set
repicaset and replica controller
servicemesh 
multicontainers
deployment strategies
rolling updates 
storage class and pvc and pv
immage pullbackoff anf crashloopbackup
how to check logs
Liveness probe and readenes prod and startup probe

--------------------------------------------------------
Linux interview

what is default permision for directory and file
what is load average 
how to check cpu and memory information
what is deadlock process and defunct process
how to get the performance of linux machine
how use find the top ustilization files in linux command
using find command get last modified and accessed files
----------------------------------------------
git conflicts
git fetch and pull and push and clone
branching strategies
pull request
merge and rebase
git stash and squash 
git head 
git cherypick
how to change to particuler branch and create branch
git logs
webhooks 
git hotfix branching
-------------------------------------------------
Jenkins

 What is Jenkins?
what is Continuous integration vs. delivery vs. deployment
types of jobs in git
how install plungins of docker maven and terraform and how to configure 
types of credentials
blue and ocean 
user context in jenkins
build trigger types in jenkins
Build after other projects are built works just fine either with generic Pipeline,
How do I trigger a Jenkins job after another job?
how integrate git with jenkins
what is webhooks 
How do you call a stage in another stage in Jenkins pipeline?
What is downstream job in Jenkins?
how to schedule jobs
How do I create a downstream project in Jenkins?
how to deploy java application using maven build by creating docker file though jenkins
Explain Jenkins Multibranch Pipeline?
Declarative vs. scripted pipelines: What's the difference?
Can I mix Declarative and scripted pipeline?
how to configure the master and slave node?
What is Jenkins Build Cause?
 What are the credential types supported by Jenkins?
What are the Scopes of Jenkins Credentials?
how to take the backup of jobs
How to configure inclusions & exclusions in Artifacts Archival?
 What is Artifact Archival & how to do it in Pipelines?
How can we share information between different build steps or stages in a Jenkins Job?
How code coverage is measured/tracked using Jenkins in a CI environment?
how to configure the sonarcure in jenkins
Default Environment Variables by Jenkins & How to introduce custom environment variables?
How to install a Custom Jenkins Plugin or a Version of Plugin Not available in Jenkins Update Center?
What is In-process Script Approval and how it works?
How can we stop a Jenkins job from being executed temporarily?
How to change port for Jenkins?
How to configure and use third-party tools in Jenkins?
\What are the steps included in a Jenkins pipeline?
How will you create Pipeline in Jenkins?
If there is a broken build in your Jenkins project, then what will you do?
From one server to another, how do you copy or move your Jenkins jobs?
How to deploy from Jenkins?






































 